In Vinaya there is a rule that spiritual powers, even they have the spiritual power, cannot use the
spiritual power to use the advantage of one's own purposes, and that is a mistake, and so that is
one of the rules in the Vinaya, and that is my end of story.
She is very famous, and she was so beautiful when she was young, and she is beautiful and young,
and then she attracted so many purposes, one after another, and then finally she thought, "Oh, she
can do anything."
And so, Ati is a Mongol Buddha, not a Chari Buddha, and he meditated, and he and one man, in a way,
had a boyfriend, and they both said, "Look at this man, sitting under the body of the tree, he is
so calm and peaceful looking, peaceful, looks like a completely, deeply, worldly desire, desire
anything."
And he said, "I don't think so, I don't think so." She said, "She must be the same as everyone," he
said. And then he said, "No, I don't think so. He looks really different than us."
He said, "What, we bet," she said, "We bet. Have I ever to, what's called, seduce him? What are you
going to do?" And then I don't remember what they said, "I will do something."
And so she said, "Yes, I can seduce anyone." And she went right there, and she did all this,
whatever there, and now she's ready.
Nothing really moved, nothing changed at all. He's sitting there, just, and then she started
grabbing him there, trying to grab him.
And that moment, she said, "Mongol," or "Chariotat," elevated up in the sky, almost like this palm
tree is high, palm tree. And that moment, she moved completely, and she felt so sad what she did,
and tried to do it, she felt so, and then she completely fell down on the ground and asked, "Oh, a
great novel one, please forgive me."
"And guide me from this mud." And then, so he came down, and Chariotat, and gave the teaching, and
that's how, then, her turning point, and then she become one of the great Arhatas.
And her name was Upali. Upali is a Sanskrit word, which means "blue lotus," blue lotus. Her
compilation in the teachings is so beautiful as like flower petals, and therefore, a parent also
named her as Upali, Upali. So this is one of the great Arhatas.
Okay.